Sieve of Eratosthenes:-
1.Since the previous approach of finding the prime numbers between the given numbers was quite inefficient in terms of time complexity
2. the idea is to maintain an array of type boolean from 0 to the final number input by the user
3. And initialize the terms to false by default except 0 and 1 indexes of the numbers
4. The moment a prime number is encountered it can be assured that the successive multiples of the number (till the number n) are non prime
5. The indexes of the multiples are set to false and prime number's index is changed to true
6.Each successive Iteration starts from square of the next index (illustrated in the example below)
Eg. While finding the prime numbers from 0 to 10 using the above methodology the indexes of the multiples of 2 (except 2) i.e 4,6,8,10 will be initialized to false
    and next index will be 3 first result i.e 6 has already been initialized with false in the array the check should be performed from i*i (here 9) so as to avoid repetition
    (Reason:- a*b=b*a)
7. The iteration such be done from 2 to sqrt(N) optimizes the approach
Explanation:- Any number a is composed of a=sqrt(N)*sqrt(N)=b*c if b>sqrt(N) then c<sqrt(N) and vice versa 
//Wikipedia's Explanation:- 
The Sieve of Eratosthenes is a simple way to find all the prime numbers up to some number n:
Write all the numbers from 2 up to n onto a piece of paper, in order. We will perform the following steps so that all the non-prime numbers will be crossed out, and what's left will be the primes.
Choose the first, i.e. the smallest available number. Call it p (it will be 2 at the start). If there's no more available numbers, stop.
Count up from p as 2p, 3p, 4p, ..., up to n in steps of p, and cross out each of those numbers. Some numbers will be already crossed out, that's okay. Do not cross out the number p itself but consider it no longer available.
Go back to step 2.
When the algorithm is finished all the numbers that are left not crossed out are all the prime numbers from 2 up to n.

As an optimization we can start the counting in step 3 from p2, and stop in step 2 when p2 is greater than n.

This is allowed because for each number k that is smaller than p, the number kp in step 3 will be already crossed out as part of the algorithm working for some previous prime that is smaller than p – the smallest such prime which divides k evenly.
